(DOCS-2604) Add warning and page link to guide (#14267)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/metrics_namespace.md

aliases:
    - /tracing/getting_further/metrics_namespace
---

> <div class="alert alert-warning">This method of using trace metrics is outdated. Instead, [tracing distribution metrics using DDSketch][11] is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">This method of using trace metrics is outdated. Instead, <a href="/tracing/guide/ddsketch_trace_metrics/">tracing distribution metrics using DDSketch</a> is recommended.</div>
```

Author: oh you're totally right! I was trying to be fast and fix things without my brain
